Create a README for CLaSP (#66083)
dotnet/roslyn: src/Features/LanguageServer/Microsoft.CommonLanguageServerProtocol.Framework/README.md

# Common Language Server Protocol Framework (CLaSP)

CLaSP was created to ease the creation and maintenance of [Language Server](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/) implementations by sharing our hard-won knowledge, while leaving you the flexiblity to create the server you need.

> ## Getting Started with CLaSP

Reviewer: An alternative format for this document you could consider - build up to the example project step by step in this, putting in code examples as you go.  It might make it easier to grok when each step builds on each other with a visual of what the code actually looks like.

Author: I updated the document to include links to the Example implementation at relevant portions of the getting started. I didn't want to include copies of the code for fear they would become stale and crowd the page, hopefully this is a good compromise.

I also included links for Roslyn and Razor to the relevant portions with call-outs for areas I thought might be particularly educational.

You can find a [simple example implementation of a CLaSP-based LanguageServer here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/tree/main/src/Features/LanguageServer/Microsoft.CommonLanguageServerProtocol.Framework.Example).

To get started with CLaSP you may follow the following steps

1. Create a PackageReference to `Microsoft.CommonLanguageServerProtocol.Framework` in your LSP server project.
1. Implement the following classes:
    1. `ILspLogger`. This allows CLaSP to log information however you would like.
    1. `ILspServices`. This interface will serve as a wrapper around whatever DI system you choose to use to make sure that your services implemented elsewhere are available to CLaSP.
    1. `AbstractLanguageServer`. This is the core of your Language Server implementation, which will manage your lifecycle and host the rest of the components.

>         1. Ensure that `Initialize` is called from the constructor to start the server.

Reviewer: I think Initialize could be called whenever right?  It just has to be called before the server starts accepting requests.

        1. `ConstructLspServices` will be called once to construct your implementation of `ILspServices`. When this exits all your services should be registerd, including your IMethodHandlers. The following Services are mandatory for proper function:
            - An `ILspLogger`.
            - An `IRequestContextFactory`.

>             - An `InitializeHandler` and `InitializedHandler`, either the ones included in CLaSP or your own implementations. If you use the included handlers you will need an `IInitializeManager` (which handles your Client and Server Capabilities) too.

Reviewer: random non-doc question after reading this - do we really need an `IInitializeManager`?  Seems like you have to either implement InitializeHandler or IInitializeManager, any reason why we couldn't always use InitializeHandler?

Author: `IntializeHandler` needs complex parameter and return types in the form of `[InitializeParams](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/lsp/3.17/specification/#initializeParams)` and `[InitializeResult](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/lsp/3.17/specification/#initializeResult)` and thus to avoid taking additional dependencies or maintaining our own version of these types we must abstract it out in one form or another.

        1. A RequestContext type. This is an object which will be passed in on every request your Handlers handle. It is a useful place to keep things like Loggers, Service providers, and most importantly DocumentSnapshots.
1. Now implement any Method handlers you need for your Language Server to properly function, such as [textDocument/didOpen](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/lsp/3.17/specification/#textDocument_didOpen) using the `INotificationHandler` and `IRequestHandler` interfaces (and the `ITextDocumeentIdentifierhandler<TRequest,TTextDocumentIdentifier>` interface if the request relates to a specific document), being sure to include them in your `ILspServices` object (as constructed by `ConstructLspServices`) as `IMethodHandler` services. This automatically registers them on the JsonRpc object.
    1. `MutatesSolutionState` should be `true` for Handlers like `textDocument/didChange` which change solution state because this affects the queuing behavior required in order to ensure that the correct document version is being operated on.

>     1. `HandleNotificationAsync` and `HandleRequestAsync`. These implement your actual handler behavior but it's very important that if they required access to the current state of a TextDocument that this information be gathered by `IRequestContextFactory` and put on the `RequestContext` object rather than retrieved here. If you fail to follow this stipulation you may run into document sync issues because requests which mutate document state are not guareneets to happen in a particular order. This means that document state might change while your `HandleRequestAsync` request is executing, but the `IRequestContextFactory` is guarenteed to operate in a thread-safe maner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `HandleNotificationAsync` and `HandleRequestAsync`. These implement your actual handler behavior but it's very important that if they required access to the current state of a TextDocument that this information be gathered by `IRequestContextFactory` and put on the `RequestContext` object rather than retrieved here. If you fail to follow this stipulation you may run into document sync issues because requests which mutate document state are not guarantees to happen in a particular order. This means that document state might change while your `HandleRequestAsync` request is executing, but the `IRequestContextFactory` is guaranteed to operate in a thread-safe manner.
```
